Brain Ready! project by Kseniya Serbina

FINAL

Accomplished:

Added the Shape game (I called it "match game" previously)
Added sounds
Game Rules screens
Changes all graphic objects to self-made

Concerns:
For the second game, I pretty much copy-pasted a lot from the first. Probably, there is a better way to reuse the code. 
Still did not conquer the problem with slider animation (want to make it follow the finger).
MediaPlayer gives out a weird "Should have subtitle controller already set". Could not find a solution.

Plans:
Improve scoring (penalties/bonuses).
Save scores.
Add Russian language localization.
Publish the app :)

Thanks for the great class!!


Milestone 2

General:
I focused on game one because for game two I would pretty much reuse most of the stuff, so nothing new for game 2 for now.

Accomplished:

Color game:
now show 2 words - in order to score, you need to answer if first word meaning is the same as second word color - 1h
improvements to random algorithm - 30 min
replaced the buttons by swiping action - 2 days
investigated onFling() method - 5 h
investigated ViewFlipper - 5 h
add pictures - right/wrong - 1h
orientation change - now saves state - 10 min
shows score after game is finished (high score not saved yet) - 30 min

miscellaneous:
thinking about overall layout and implementation - 120 min

used:
to implement onFling, eventually adapted for myself: http://simprodev.blogspot.com/2012/07/android-swipe-fling.html
viewflipper: http://www.learn-android-easily.com/2013/06/android-viewflipper-example.html
pictures: http-//creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nd/3.0/ 
http://www.icons-land.com/

TODO:
matching game
improvements to score counting (penalties for wrong, bonuses for several correct in a row)
improve the overall look and feel
add music
save high scores
action bar add “rules”


Milestone 1

Accomplished:

Created a first iteration of a starting screen:
two buttons that launch corresponding games - 30 min
uninstall button at the action bar - 30 min

Color game:
countdown timer - 50 min
score counting (to be improved) - 10 min
TextView that shows the task - 10 min
implemented random color and random word functionality - 60 min
buttons that check if the answer is correct (to be replaced by a swiping thingy) - 60 min
figured out how runnables work - 30 min
figured out how to do delayed actions - 30 min

miscellaneous:
thinking about overall layout and implementation - 120 min